h1. NAME

tomcat__ - Munin plugin with multiple connectors support to monitor tomcat servers.

h1. APPLICABLE SYSTEMS

Tomcat 5.0 or higher with the default tomcat manager webapp.

h1. USAGE

Needs access to http://<user>:<password>@localhost:8080/manager/status?XML=true (or modify the address for another host). 

A munin-user in $CATALINA_HOME/conf/tomcat-users.xml should be set up for this to work.

Tip: To see if it's already set up correctly, just run this plugin with the parameter "autoconf". If you get a "yes", everything should work like a charm already.

<pre>
tomcat-users.xml example:
  <user username="munin" password="<set this>"
        roles="standard,manager"/>
</pre>

Symlink the tomcat__ script to tomcat_CONNECTOR_CONFIG where CONNECTOR is Tomcat connector name.

e.g. tomcat_http-bio-8080_access

h1. CONFIGURATION

The following environment variables are used by this plugin:

*host*

Destination host

*port*

Connector port number to access manager application

*timeout*

Connection timeout

*request*

Override default status-url

*user*

Manager username 

*password*

Manager password 

h2. CONFIGURATION EXAMPLE

<pre>
  [tomcat_*]
  env.host 127.0.0.1
  env.port 8080
  env.request /manager/status?XML=true
  env.user munin
  env.password pass
  env.timeout 30
</pre>

h1. AUTHORS

  Based on plugins by Erik Inge Bolsoe <knan@redpill-linpro.com>

  Customized to handle multiple connectors by Masakazu Matsushita <matsukaz@gmail.com> 2011.12

h1. MAGIC MARKERS

 #%# family=auto
 #%# capabilities=autoconf suggest

